Add text key in `expect` message in `language.rs` (#122)
aicers/frontary: CHANGELOG.md

- Added correct CSS styling for `MoreActionBasic` for `SelectMini`.
- Added Clumit components: `Radio`, `CheckBox`, `TabMenu`, `Modal`.
- Added `Svg` to fetch and display a SVG file.
- Added text key to `expect` message in `language.rs`
  for the `test` feature.

### Fixed

> - Fixed the wrong directory of delete-x.png file from `frontary`

Reviewer: 이것은 변경하지 않는게 맞지 않은가요?

Author: 아... 애초에 잘못된 경로가 `frotary`였어서 저렇게 적어 놓은 거였군요.. 제가 작업한 부분인데 당연히 오타라고 생각했어요 수정할게요!!

Author: 수정했습니다

- Added correct CSS styling for `MoreActionBasic` for `SelectMini`.
- Added Clumit components: `Radio`, `CheckBox`, `TabMenu`, `Modal`.
- Added `Svg` to fetch and display a SVG file.

> - Added text key to `expect` message in `language.rs`

Reviewer: 이 내용은 added 보다는 changed 가 어울릴 것 같은데 어떻게 생각하시나요? www.keepachangelog.com 을 참고하고 있습니다.

Author: 사실 저도 added와 changed 둘을 놓고 엄청 고민했던 부분이라서, PR 리뷰 받을 때 누군가가 조언을 해주지 않을까 생각하긴 했습니다. keepchangelog 사이트는 처음 보는데 앞으로 참고하도록 할게요.

Author: 수정하였고 커밋메시지도 같이 정리했습니다.

Reviewer: @div-seungha
CHANGELOG 파일의 다음 라인 참고차 공유드립니다.  https://github.com/aicers/frontary/pull/122/files#diff-06572a96a58dc510037d5efa622f9bec8519bc1beab13c9f251e97e657a9d4edR4

  consistent import grouping.
- Updated CI process to include `--config group_imports=StdExternalCrate`
  with the `cargo fmt -- --check` command for enforcing import grouping rules.

> - changed `expect` message in text macro of `language.rs` for the `test`

Reviewer: 대문자로 시작해주세요.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed `expect` message in `text` macro to show the invalid key name if `test` feature is enabled
```
제안드려봅니다.

Author: 훨씬 명료한 표현이어서 이대로 수정하였습니다. 대문자 시작도 앞으로 주의하겠습니다.
